src/pages/docs/test-management/settings/custom-fields.md, before:

---
title: 'Manage Custom Fields'
page_title: 'Manage Custom Fields in Test Management'
metadesc: 'Create and manage custom fields in Test Management by Testsigma to add specific details/additional details and filter tests efficiently in your test management workflow'
noindex: false
order: 10.2
page_id: 'custom-fields-in-testsigma-test-management'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Create a Custom Field'
    url: '#create-a-custom-field'
  - type: link
    name: 'Add Custom Fields to a Test Case'
    url: '#add-custom-fields-to-a-test-case'
  - type: link
    name: 'Filtering Test Cases Using Custom Fields'
    url: '#filtering-test-cases-using-custom-fields'
---

<br>

**Custom fields add specific information in your test cases & help filter test cases.**

---

In Test Management by Testsigma, you can create custom fields to add additional, project-specific information to your test cases. These fields help you track attributes beyond the default properties. After creating a custom field, you can add it to test cases and use it to filter and locate specific test cases efficiently. This article discusses how to create a custom field, add it to test cases, and filter test cases using custom field values.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project created in Test Management by Testsigma. For more information, see Projects.

---

## **Create a Custom Field**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Settings > Custom Fields**.

2. In the **Custom Fields** section, click **+ Add New**.

3. In the **Add New Field** overlay:

   - Enter the **Field Name** and an optional **Description**.
   - Select the **Field Type** from the dropdown.
   - Enter the values for the selected **Field Type**, then click **Add**.

4. The custom field will appear in the **Custom Fields** section.

---

## **Add Custom Fields to a Test Case**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Test Cases** and select an existing test case or create a new one.

2. In the **Test Properties** section, select the custom field values you want to add.

3. The test case will now include the selected custom fields.

---

## **Filtering Test Cases Using Custom Fields**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Test Cases**.

2. Press **Command + Shift + F** or click **Filter by**.

3. In the **Filter by** dialog, select the **Custom Field** you want to filter test cases by.

4. The Test Cases page displays test cases based on the selected custom field.

---

Commit message:

Added Review & Clone Tests, Comments & Alerts docs (#108)
* Added Review & Clone Tests, Comments & Alerts docs

* Update microsoft-teams.md

src/pages/docs/test-management/settings/custom-fields.md, after:

---
title: 'Manage Custom Fields'
page_title: 'Manage Custom Fields in Test Management'
metadesc: 'Create and manage custom fields in Test Management by Testsigma to add specific details/additional details and filter tests efficiently in your test management workflow'
noindex: false
order: 10.2
page_id: 'custom-fields-in-testsigma-test-management'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Create a Custom Field'
    url: '#create-a-custom-field'
  - type: link
    name: 'Add Custom Fields to a Test Case'
    url: '#add-custom-fields-to-a-test-case'
  - type: link
    name: 'Bulk Edit Custom Fields in Test Cases'
    url: '#bulk-edit-custom-fields-in-test-cases'
  - type: link
    name: 'Filtering Test Cases Using Custom Fields'
    url: '#filtering-test-cases-using-custom-fields'
---

<br>

**Custom fields add specific information in your test cases & help filter test cases.**

---

In Test Management by Testsigma, you can create custom fields to add additional, project-specific information to your test cases. These fields help you track attributes beyond the default properties. After creating a custom field, you can add it to test cases and use it to filter and locate specific test cases efficiently. This article discusses how to create a custom field, add it to test cases, and filter test cases using custom field values.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project created in Test Management by Testsigma. For more information, see [Projects](https://testsigma.com/docs/test-management/projects/manage-projects/).

---

## **Create a Custom Field**

1. From the left navigation bar, go to **Settings > Custom Fields**.

2. In the **Custom Fields** section, click **+ Add New**.

3. In the **Add New Field** overlay:

   - Enter the **Field Name** and an optional **Description**.
   - Select the **Field Type** from the dropdown.
   - Enter the values for the selected **Field Type**, then click **Add**.

4. The custom field will appear in the **Custom Fields** section.

---

## **Add Custom Fields to a Test Case**

1. From the left navigation bar, go to **Test Cases** and select an existing test case or create a new one.

2. In the **Test Properties** section, select the custom field values you want to add.

3. The test case will now include the selected custom fields.

---

## **Bulk Edit Custom Fields in Test Cases**

1. From the left navigation bar, go to **Test Cases** and select the test cases you want to update.

2. Press **Command+K**, and choose the **Custom Field** you want to edit from the available options.

3. In the **<Custom\_Field\_Name>** dialog:
   - Select/enter the value you want to apply.
   - Click **Update &lt;number&gt; Test Cases**.

4. The selected Custom Field is updated for all selected test cases.

---

## **Filtering Test Cases Using Custom Fields**

1. From the left navigation bar, go to **Test Cases**.

2. Press **Command + Shift + F** or click **Filter by**.

3. In the **Filter by** dialog, select the **Custom Field** you want to filter test cases by.

4. The Test Cases page displays test cases based on the selected custom field.

---
