src/pages/docs/test-management/testsigma-two-way-integration/automate-manual-test-cases.md, before:

---
title: 'Automate Manual Test Cases in Testsigma'
page_title: 'Automate Manual Test Cases from Test Management by Testsigma in Testsigma'
metadesc: 'Automate manual test cases from Test Management by Testsigma in Testsigma using Atto’s AI. Learn how to generate automated steps and begin Agentic Learning.'
noindex: false
order: 9.6
page_id: 'automate-manual-test-cases-in-testsigma'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo' 
  - type: link
    name: 'Execute a Linked Test Plan in Test Management by Testsigma'
    url: '#execute-a-linked-test-plan-in-test-management-by-testsigma'
  - type: link
    name: 'View Automated Reports in Test Management by Testsigma'
    url: '#view-automated-reports-in-test-management-by-testsigma'
---

<br>

**Automate manual test cases from Test Management by Testsigma in Testsigma using Atto’s AI.**

---

You can automate manual test cases created in Test Management by Testsigma using Testsigma. Once you create a manual test case, click Automate with Atto’s AI in Test Management by Testsigma. Then select the Testsigma project, application, and version in which you want to automate the test case. The system creates a session in Atto’s Home for the selected project, where you can automate the test case using Atto. This article discusses the steps to automate manual test cases from Test Management by Testsigma in Testsigma.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
> Before you begin, ensure that:
>    - The Test Management by Testsigma integration with Testsigma is enabled.
>    - Testsigma’s Live Editor is ready.

---


## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(53.40% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/epalou6vhthz?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Steps to Automate a Manual Test Case**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Test Cases**, open the folder, and open the test case that you want to automate.

2. Select the test case and click **Automate with Atto’s AI** on the test case details overlay. This will open the **Select Testsigma Automation Project** dialog.

3. In the **Select Testsigma Automation Project** dialog:
   - Select the Testsigma **Project**, **Application**, and **Version**.
   - Click **Continue**.

4. You will be redirected to **Atto’s Home** in Testsigma for the selected project, application, and version with **Test Case Details** dialog.

5. Click **Generate Automated Steps** and wait for the NLP steps to generate.

6. The NLP steps are displayed in the **Automated Steps** tab.

7. Click **Agentic Learning** to start learning the live application. For details about learning the live application in Testsigma, see [Learn the Live Application Using Live Editor](https://testsigma.com/docs/ai-agents/generator/#learn-the-live-application-using-live-editor).

---

Commit message:

Updated automate manual test case doc

src/pages/docs/test-management/testsigma-two-way-integration/automate-manual-test-cases.md, after:

---
title: 'Automate Manual Test Cases in Testsigma'
page_title: 'Automate Manual Test Cases from Test Management by Testsigma in Testsigma'
metadesc: 'Automate manual test cases from Test Management by Testsigma in Testsigma using Atto’s AI. Learn how to generate automated steps and begin Agentic Learning.'
noindex: false
order: 9.6
page_id: 'automate-manual-test-cases-in-testsigma'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo' 
  - type: link
    name: 'Steps to Automate a Manual Test Case'
    url: '#steps-to-automate-a-manual-test-case'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Automated Steps Immediately'
    url: '#generate-automated-steps-immediately'
  - type: link
    name: 'Start Learning Directly'
    url: '#start-learningirectly'
---

<br>

**Automate manual test cases from Test Management by Testsigma in Testsigma using Atto’s AI.**

---

You can automate manual test cases created in Test Management by Testsigma using Testsigma. Once you create a manual test case, click Automate with Atto’s AI in Test Management by Testsigma. Then select the Testsigma project, application, and version in which you want to automate the test case. The system creates a session in Atto’s Home for the selected project, where you can automate the test case using Atto. This article discusses the steps to automate manual test cases from Test Management by Testsigma in Testsigma.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
> Before you begin, ensure that:
>    - The Test Management by Testsigma integration with Testsigma is enabled.
>    - Testsigma’s Live Editor is ready.

---


## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(53.40% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/epalou6vhthz?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Steps to Automate a Manual Test Case**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Test Cases**, open the folder, and open the test case that you want to automate.

2. Select the test case and click **Automate with Atto’s AI** on the test case details overlay. This will open the **Select Testsigma Automation Project** dialog.

3. In the **Select Testsigma Automation Project** dialog:
   - Select the Testsigma **Project**, **Application**, and **Version**.
   - Click **Continue**.

4. You will be redirected to **Atto’s Home** in Testsigma for the selected project, application, and version with **Test Case Details** dialog.


---

## **Generate Automated Steps Immediately**

1. Click **Generate Automated Steps** and wait for the NLP steps to generate.

2. The NLP steps are displayed in the **Automated Steps** tab.

3. Click **Agentic Learning** to start learning the live application.

---

## **Start Learning Directly**

1. Click the **Automated Steps** tab.

2. Click the **dropdown** icon beside **Agentic Learning**, and select the **Environment**.

3. Click **Agentic Learning** to start learning the live application.

---
