src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-from-jira.md, before:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases from Jira'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases from Jira'
metadesc: 'Generate multiple test cases in Testsigma from your Jira stories using AI. Just pick the project, issue type, and story, AI handles the rest with detailed cases'
description: 'Learn how AI can assist you with creating test cases in Test Management by Testsigma from your Jira stories.'
noindex: false
order: 11.12
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-from-jira'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases'
    url: '#generate-test-cases'
---

<br>

**Learn how Generator Agent can assist you with creating test cases in Test Management by Testsigma from your Jira stories.**

---

You can generate multiple test cases in Testsigma directly from your Jira stories using AI. Simply select the Jira project, issue type, and story. The AI uses information in Jira to create complete test cases. This article discusses generating multiple test cases in Test Management by Testsigma from your Jira stories.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project in Test Management by Testsigma and your Jira instance has active stories.

---

## **Generate Test Cases**

1. From the **Dashboard**, select **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and select **Ask AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI** page, select **Jira Tickets** from the available options.

3. In the **Add Jira Tickets** overlay:

   - Select the **Jira Project**, **Issue Type**, and **Story**.
   - Click **Add**.

4. Click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to add the test cases.

5. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

6. Enter the prompt, and click **Generate**.

7. Select the test cases you want to include, and click **Accept**.

8. The system adds the selected test cases to the specified folder.

---

Commit message:

Added Versions for TMS Docs

src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-from-jira.md, after:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases from Jira'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases from Jira'
metadesc: 'Generate multiple test cases in Testsigma from your Jira stories using AI. Just pick the project, issue type, and story, AI handles the rest with detailed cases'
description: 'Learn how AI can assist you with creating test cases in Test Management by Testsigma from your Jira stories.'
noindex: false
order: 11.22
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-from-jira'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases'
    url: '#generate-test-cases'
---

<br>

**Learn how Generator Agent can assist you with creating test cases in Test Management by Testsigma from your Jira stories.**

---

You can generate multiple test cases in Testsigma directly from your Jira stories using AI. Simply select the Jira project, issue type, and story. The AI uses information in Jira to create complete test cases. This article discusses generating multiple test cases in Test Management by Testsigma from your Jira stories.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project in Test Management by Testsigma and your Jira instance has active stories.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(57.42% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/nagj9rtelong?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases**

1. On the **Dashboard**, click **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and click **Create with AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI - To Generate Multiple Test Cases** page, select **Jira Tickets** from the available options.

3. In the **Add Jira Tickets** overlay:

   - Select the **Jira Project**, **Issue Type**, and **Story**.
   
   - Click **Add**.

4. Click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to add the test cases.

5. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

6. Enter the prompt, and click **Generate**.

7. Wait for Testsigma to generate scenarios and the corresponding test cases.

8. Expand each scenario to view the associated test cases.

9. Select the test cases you want to include under each scenario, and click **Accept**.

10. The selected test cases will be added to the specified folder.

---
