src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-from-images.md, before:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases from Images'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases from Images'
metadesc: 'Generate multiple test cases in Testsigma from images showing workflows or actions. Upload images with context, and AI creates detailed, step-by-step test cases'
noindex: false
order: 11.13
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-from-images'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases'
    url: '#generate-test-cases'
---

---

You can generate multiple test cases in Testsigma to generate test cases from images that illustrate workflows or user actions. Upload images with relevant context, and the AI will create test cases that reflect the steps shown in the images.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project in Test Management by Testsigma and have images that provide context for test case creation.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(50.52% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/amqzh7zofc2w?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases**

1. From the **Dashboard**, select **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and select **Ask AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI** page, select **Images** from the available options.

3. Upload images from your local system and click **Open**.

4. On the **Edit Workflow** page:

   - To add more images, click **Add Images**.

   - To remove any image, click the **Delete** icon on the image.

5. Click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to save the test cases.

6. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

7. Enter the prompt, and click **Generate**.

8. Select the test cases you want to include, and click **Accept**.

9. The system adds the selected test cases to the specified folder.

---

Commit message:

Added Versions for TMS Docs

src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-from-images.md, after:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases from Images'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases from Images'
metadesc: 'Generate multiple test cases in Testsigma from images showing workflows or actions. Upload images with context, and AI creates detailed, step-by-step test cases'
noindex: false
order: 11.23
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-from-images'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases'
    url: '#generate-test-cases'
---

---

You can generate multiple test cases in Testsigma to generate test cases from images that illustrate workflows or user actions. Upload images with relevant context, and the AI will create test cases that reflect the steps shown in the images.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project in Test Management by Testsigma and have images that provide context for test case creation.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(57.42% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/r9z1ltfztccp?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases**

1. On the **Dashboard**, click **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and click **Create with AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI - To Generate Multiple Test Cases** page, select **Images** from the available options.

3. Upload images from your local system and click **Open**.

4. On the **Edit Workflow** page:

   - To add more images, click **Add Images**.

   - To remove any image, click the **Delete** icon on the image.

5. Click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to save the test cases.

6. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

7. Enter the prompt, and click **Generate**.

8. Wait for Testsigma to generate scenarios and the corresponding test cases.

9. Expand each scenario to view the associated test cases.

10. Select the test cases you want to include under each scenario, and click **Accept**.

11. The selected test cases will be added to the specified folder.

---
