src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-from-figma.md, before:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases from Figma'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases from Figma'
metadesc: 'Generate test cases in Testsigma from Figma designs | AI converts Figma UI into test steps, ensuring design-to-test alignment and speeding up test creation'
noindex: false
order: 11.15
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-from-figma'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases'
    url: '#generate-test-cases'
---

---

Testsigma lets you generate test cases directly from your Figma designs. This helps ensure design-to-test alignment and accelerates test case creation by converting UI elements into actionable test steps.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project created in Test Management by Testsigma and have integrated your Figma account.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(55.44% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/c8bmgbfo5isw?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases**

1. From the **Dashboard**, select **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and select **Ask AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI** page, select **Figma Designs** from the available options.

3. In the Add Figma Designs overlay:

   - Select the relevant **Project**.

   - Select a **Figma Design File**.

   - Select the desired **Page** & **Section** within the file.

   - Click **Import** to attach the selected Figma design to your AI input.

4. Click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to add the test cases.

5. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

6. Enter the prompt, and click **Generate**.

7. Select the test cases you want to include, and click **Accept**.

8. The system adds the selected test cases to the specified folder.

---

Commit message:

Added Versions for TMS Docs

src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-from-figma.md, after:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases from Figma'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases from Figma'
metadesc: 'Generate test cases in Testsigma from Figma designs | AI converts Figma UI into test steps, ensuring design-to-test alignment and speeding up test creation'
noindex: false
order: 11.25
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-from-figma'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases'
    url: '#generate-test-cases'
---

---

Testsigma lets you generate test cases directly from your Figma designs. This helps ensure design-to-test alignment and accelerates test case creation by converting UI elements into actionable test steps.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project created in Test Management by Testsigma and have integrated your Figma account.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(55.44% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/c8bmgbfo5isw?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases**

1. On the **Dashboard**, click **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and select **Create with AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI - To Generate Multiple Test Cases** page, select **Figma Designs** from the available options.

3. In the **Add Figma Designs** overlay:

   - Select the relevant **Project**.

   - Select a **Figma Design File**.

   - Select the desired **Page** & **Section** within the file.

   - Click **Import** to attach the selected Figma design to your AI input.

4. Click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to add the test cases.

5. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

6. Enter the prompt, and click **Generate**.

7. Wait for Testsigma to generate scenarios and the corresponding test cases.

8. Expand each scenario to view the associated test cases.

9. Select the test cases you want to include under each scenario, and click **Accept**.

10. The selected test cases will be added to the specified folder.

---
