src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-from-recording.md, before:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases from Recording'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases from Recording'
metadesc: 'Generate test cases in Testsigma from video recordings of user actions | AI analyzes the video, extracts steps, and creates detailed, accurate test cases automatically'
noindex: false
order: 11.14
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-from-recording'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases from Video Recording'
    url: '#generate-test-cases-from-video-recording'
---

---

Testsigma allows you to generate test cases using video recordings that demonstrate user actions. The AI analyzes the recording to extract steps and automatically builds detailed test cases.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project in Test Management by Testsigma and have relevant video recordings that provide context for test case creation.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(55.44% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/dwj2iuiolcod?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases from Video Recording**

1. From the **Dashboard**, select **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and select **Ask AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI** page, select **Video Recording** from the available options.

3. Upload **Video Recording** from your local system and click **Open**.

4. In the **Video Recording** dialog, review the video and click **Add to Input**.

5. Click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to save the test cases.

6. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

7. Enter the prompt, and click **Generate**.

8. Select the test cases you want to include, and click **Accept**.

9. The system adds the selected test cases to the specified folder.

---

Commit message:

Added Versions for TMS Docs

src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-from-recording.md, after:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases from Recording'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases from Recording'
metadesc: 'Generate test cases in Testsigma from video recordings of user actions | AI analyzes the video, extracts steps, and creates detailed, accurate test cases automatically'
noindex: false
order: 11.24
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-from-recording'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases from Video Recording'
    url: '#generate-test-cases-from-video-recording'
---

---

Testsigma allows you to generate test cases using video recordings that demonstrate user actions. The AI analyzes the recording to extract steps and automatically builds detailed test cases.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project in Test Management by Testsigma and have relevant video recordings that provide context for test case creation.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(57.42% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/abvvhj5w0xnq?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases from Video Recording**

1. On the **Dashboard**, click **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and click **Create with AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI - To Generate Multiple Test Cases** page, select **Video Recording** from the available options.

3. Upload **Video Recording** from your local system and click **Open**.

4. In the **Video Recording** dialog, review the video and click **Add to Input**.

5. Click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to save the test cases.

6. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

7. Enter the prompt, and click **Generate**.

8. Wait for Testsigma to generate scenarios and the corresponding test cases.

9. Expand each scenario to view the associated test cases.

10. Select the test cases you want to include under each scenario, and click **Accept**.

11. The selected test cases will be added to the specified folder.

---
