src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-with-prompts.md, before:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases with Prompts'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases with Prompt'
metadesc: 'Create detailed test cases quickly in Test Management by Testsigma using simple prompts. Save time, reduce effort, & ensure accuracy with AI-powered test steps in one click'
noindex: false
order: 11.11
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-with-prompts'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases'
    url: '#generate-test-cases'
---

---

Test Management by Testsigma lets you create test cases quickly by writing simple prompts. With one click, you can generate multiple test cases with detailed steps based on real user actions. This approach saves time, reduces manual effort, and helps build complete, accurate test cases.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project created in Test Management by Testsigma. For more information, see Projects.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(55.44% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/dfz1pol0exuo?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases**

1. From the **Dashboard**, select **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and select **Ask AI** in the top-right corner.

2. In the **Ask AI** page, click the folder icon and select the folder where you want to add the test cases.

3. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step** template.

4. Enter the prompt and click **Generate**.

5. Select the test cases you want to include and click **Accept**.

6. The system adds the selected test cases to the specified folder.

---

Commit message:

Tms 1532 (#50)
* Updated the title for the Homepage on BreadSchema

* Updated Atto overview page

Fixed incorrect interlinks in the introduction to Atto page

* Added CI/CD & API docs for TMS (#39)

Added CI/CD & API docs for TMS

* Dummy commit

* Fixed Issue With AWS User Access

Fixed Issue With AWS User Access

* Fixed Issue with AWS User Access

* Merge pull request #41 from testsigmahq/TMS-1520

Added Jira Actions Sync Steps & CI/CD docs

* Added Versions for TMS Docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Santhoshkumar <117272529+Santhosh-testsigma@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Abdul <132989679+Abdul-jailani@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Vikram Chaitanya <vikram@testsigma.com>

src/pages/docs/test-management/atto/generator-agent/generate-tests-with-prompts.md, after:

---
title: 'Generate Test Cases with Prompts'
page_title: 'Generate Test Cases with Prompt'
metadesc: 'Create detailed test cases quickly in Test Management by Testsigma using simple prompts. Save time, reduce effort, & ensure accuracy with AI-powered test steps in one click'
noindex: false
order: 11.21
page_id: 'generate-test-cases-with-prompts'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Generate Test Cases'
    url: '#generate-test-cases'
---

---

Test Management by Testsigma lets you create test cases quickly by writing simple prompts. With one click, you can generate multiple test cases with detailed steps based on real user actions. This approach saves time, reduces manual effort, and helps build complete, accurate test cases.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have a project created in Test Management by Testsigma. For more information, see Projects.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(57.42% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/rzwtt8fjoyzj?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Generate Test Cases**

1. On the Dashboard, click **AI Powered Test Case Generation** under **Quick Actions**.

   Alternatively, go to **Test Cases** and click **Create with AI** in the top-right corner.

2. On the **Ask AI – To Generate Multiple Test Cases** page, click the folder icon, and choose the folder where you want to add the test cases.

3. Select the test case type: **Documentation** or **Test Step template**.

4. Enter the prompt, and then click **Generate**.

5. Wait for Testsigma to generate scenarios and the corresponding test cases.

6. Expand each scenario to view the associated test cases.

7. Select the test cases you want to include under each scenario, and click **Accept**.

8. The selected test cases will be added to the specified folder.


---
