src/pages/docs/test-management/reports/create-report.md, before:

---
title: 'Creating Reports'
page_title: 'Creating Reports in Test Management by Testsigma'
metadesc: 'Learn how to create reports in Test Management by Testsigma | Reports help you analyze test execution, track progress, and identify defect trends in test cycles'
noindex: false
order: 12.1
page_id: 'create-a-report-in-testsigma-test-management'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Creating a Report'
    url: '#creating-a-report'
  - type: link
    name: 'Editing a Report'
    url: '#editing-a-report'
  - type: link
    name: 'Deleting a Report'
    url: '#deleting-a-report'
---

<br>

**Create reports instantly to review test coverage, execution results, and track progress.**

---

Reports in Test Management by Testsigma help you analyze test execution, track progress, and identify defect trends. This article discusses how to create reports using selected test artifacts.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure your account has one or more Test Cases, Test Runs, or Test Plans in your account.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(57.41% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/pussg8mvmwnb?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Creating a Report**

1. On the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**.

2. Click **Create Report** in the top-right corner of the **Reports** page.

3. In the **Select Data for Visualization** dialog box, choose the artifact type you want to use in the report.

4. Attach the relevant artifacts (test cases, test runs, or test plans) based on the selected type.

[[info | **NOTE**:]]
| The report will include only the selected artifacts.

5. Click **Attach Test Runs**.

6. Enter a **Name** and optional **Description** for the report.

7. Click **Create a Report** to generate the report.

---

## **Editing a Report**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**.

2. Click **Kebab Menu** (⋮) next to the report you want to edit, and select **Edit**.

3. Update the **Name** or **Description** as needed and click **Preview Selected Runs** to review the current artifact selection.

4. Click **Update Selection** to add or remove test runs in the **Update Test Runs** page.

5. Click **Update Test Runs**, then select **Update Report** to save your changes.

[[info | **NOTE**:]]
| You can follow the same steps to edit reports created with test cases or test plans.

---

## **Deleting a Report**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**.

2. Click **Kebab Menu** (⋮) next to the report you want to delete, and select **Delete**.

3. In the **Delete Report?** dialog box, click **Delete Report** to confirm.

[[info | **NOTE**:]]
| You can follow the same steps to delete reports created with test cases or test plans.

---

Commit message:

added linear integration & export reports

src/pages/docs/test-management/reports/create-report.md, after:

---
title: 'Creating Reports'
page_title: 'Creating Reports in Test Management by Testsigma'
metadesc: 'Learn how to create reports in Test Management by Testsigma | Reports help you analyze test execution, track progress, and identify defect trends in test cycles'
noindex: false
order: 12.1
page_id: 'create-a-report-in-testsigma-test-management'
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: 'Contents'
  - type: link
    name: 'Prerequisites'
    url: '#prerequisites'
  - type: link
    name: 'Interactive Demo'
    url: '#interactive-demo'
  - type: link
    name: 'Creating a Report'
    url: '#creating-a-report'
  - type: link
    name: 'Editing a Report'
    url: '#editing-a-report'
  - type: link
    name: 'Exporting a Report'
    url: '#exporting-a-report'
  - type: link
    name: 'Deleting a Report'
    url: '#deleting-a-report'
---

<br>

**Create reports instantly to review test coverage, execution results, and track progress.**

---

Reports in Test Management by Testsigma help you analyze test execution, track progress, and identify defect trends. This article discusses how to create reports using selected test artifacts.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
>
> Before you begin, ensure your account has one or more Test Cases, Test Runs, or Test Plans in your account.

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(57.41% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/pussg8mvmwnb?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **Creating a Report**

1. On the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**.

2. Click **Create Report** in the top-right corner of the **Reports** page.

3. In the **Select Data for Visualization** dialog box, choose the artifact type you want to use in the report.

4. Attach the relevant artifacts (test cases, test runs, or test plans) based on the selected type.

[[info | **NOTE**:]]
| The report will include only the selected artifacts.

5. Click **Attach Test Runs**.

6. Enter a **Name** and optional **Description** for the report.

7. Click **Create a Report** to generate the report.

---

## **Editing a Report**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**.

2. Click **Kebab Menu** (⋮) next to the report you want to edit, and select **Edit**.

3. Update the **Name** or **Description** as needed and click **Preview Selected Runs** to review the current artifact selection.

4. Click **Update Selection** to add or remove test runs in the **Update Test Runs** page.

5. Click **Update Test Runs**, then select **Update Report** to save your changes.

[[info | **NOTE**:]]
| You can follow the same steps to edit reports created with test cases or test plans.

---

## **Exporting a Report**

1. On the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**.

2. On the **Reports List** page, select an artifact type tab (**Test Cases, Test Runs, or Test Plans**).

3. Select a report from the list.

4. In the top-right corner, click **Export**.

5. In the **Export Report as PDF** dialog box, enter a name, and click **Download PDF**.

6. The system downloads the report as a PDF file.

---

## **Deleting a Report**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**.

2. Click **Kebab Menu** (⋮) next to the report you want to delete, and select **Delete**.

3. In the **Delete Report?** dialog box, click **Delete Report** to confirm.

[[info | **NOTE**:]]
| You can follow the same steps to delete reports created with test cases or test plans.

---
