src/pages/docs/test-management/reports/view-reports.md, before:

---
title: "Viewing Reports"
page_title: "Viewing Reports in Testsigma Test Management"
metadesc: "Learn how to view reports in Testsigma Test Management | Interpret different sections of a report and analyze test execution, track progress, and identify defects"
noindex: false
order: 12.2
page_id: "view-reports-in-testsigma-test-management"
warning: false
contextual_links:
- type: section
  name: "Contents"
- type: link
  name: "Prerequisites"
  url: "#prerequisites"
- type: link
  name: "Steps to View Reports"
  url: "#steps-to-view-reports"
- type: link
  name: "Sections in Reports"
  url: "#sections-in-reports"
---

<br>

**Swiftly create reports for test cases, test runs and test plans in Testsigma Test Management**

---

Reports in Testsigma Test Management provide dynamic, visual insights into test execution status, progress, and defect tracking. This article discusses how to view and interpret different sections of a report.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
> 
> Before you begin, ensure that you have one or more created reports. For steps to create a report, see [Creating a Report]().

---

## **View Reports**

1. From the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**. 

2. Select the appropriate report tab (**Test Cases**, **Test Runs** or **Test Plans**) and click a report from the list to open.

3. The report opens with visual sections based on the attached artifacts.

---

## **Sections in Reports**

### **Test Execution Progress**

- Displays a line chart indicating the count of **Completed** vs. **Remaining tests over time**.

- Useful for understanding overall testing completion trends.

### **Test Execution Status (Chart 1)**

- Shows the distribution of test statuses such as Blocked, Failed, In Progress, Passed, Retest, Skipped, and Untested.

- Helps monitor test health throughout the cycle.

### **Test Execution Status (Chart 2)**

- Provides a horizontal bar chart showing percentage and count of test cases in each status.

- Offers a clear visual summary of test case outcomes.

### **Defect Report (Cumulative)**

- Line chart tracking cumulative defects versus newly raised/linked defects.
- Useful for understanding defect inflow over time.

### **Defect Status**

- Donut chart summarizing the current status of defects (e.g., **Backlog**, **In Progress**).

- Indicates release readiness and outstanding issues.

### **Comparative Analysis by Assignee and Execution Status**

- Bar chart categorizing test case execution statuses by assignee.

- Helps identify workload distribution and execution patterns.

---

Commit message:

Updated docs with few modifications

src/pages/docs/test-management/reports/view-reports.md, after:

---
title: "Viewing Reports"
page_title: "Viewing Reports in Testsigma Test Management"
metadesc: "Learn how to view reports in Testsigma Test Management | Interpret different sections of a report and analyze test execution, track progress, and identify defects"
noindex: false
order: 12.2
page_id: "view-reports-in-testsigma-test-management"
warning: false
contextual_links:
- type: section
  name: "Contents"
- type: link
  name: "Prerequisites"
  url: "#prerequisites"
- type: link
  name: "Interactive Demo"
  url: "#interactive-demo"
- type: link
  name: "Steps to View Reports"
  url: "#steps-to-view-reports"
- type: link
  name: "Sections in Reports"
  url: "#sections-in-reports"
---

<br>

**Easily access and interpret test reports with clear visuals and summaries.**

---

Reports in Testsigma Test Management provide dynamic, visual insights into test execution status, progress, and defect tracking. This article discusses how to view and interpret different sections of a report.

---

> ## **Prerequisites**
> 
> Before you begin, ensure that you have one or more created reports. For steps to create a report, see [Creating a Report]().

---

## **Interactive Demo**

<div>
  <script async src="https://js.storylane.io/js/v2/storylane.js"></script>
  <div class="sl-embed" style="position:relative;padding-bottom:calc(57.41% + 25px);width:100%;height:0;transform:scale(1)">
    <iframe loading="lazy" class="sl-demo" src="https://app.storylane.io/demo/vlgefkmkoann?embed=inline" name="sl-embed" allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%!important;height:100%!important;border:1px solid rgba(63,95,172,0.35);box-shadow: 0px 0px 18px rgba(26, 19, 72, 0.15);border-radius:10px;box-sizing:border-box;"></iframe>
  </div>
</div>

---

## **View Reports**

1. On the **Dashboard**, go to **Reports**. 

2. Select the appropriate report tab (**Test Cases**, **Test Runs** or **Test Plans**) and click a report from the list to open.

3. The report opens with visual sections based on the attached artifacts.

---

## **Sections in Reports**

### **Test Execution Progress**

- Displays a line chart indicating the count of **Completed** vs. **Remaining tests over time**.

- Useful for understanding overall testing completion trends.

### **Test Execution Status (Chart 1)**

- Shows the distribution of test statuses such as Blocked, Failed, In Progress, Passed, Retest, Skipped, and Untested.

- Helps monitor test health throughout the cycle.

### **Test Execution Status (Chart 2)**

- Provides a horizontal bar chart showing percentage and count of test cases in each status.

- Offers a clear visual summary of test case outcomes.

### **Defect Report (Cumulative)**

- Line chart tracking cumulative defects versus newly raised/linked defects.

- Useful for understanding defect inflow over time.

### **Defect Status**

- Donut chart summarizing the current status of defects (e.g., **In Progress**).

- Indicates release readiness and outstanding issues.

### **Comparative Analysis by Assignee and Execution Status**

- Bar chart categorizing test case execution statuses by assignee.

- Helps identify workload distribution and execution patterns.

---
